CS50 Final Project - WeFree
Charlotte Chang & Jason Gandelman
Design File

Overview
WeFree is a simple and efficient web-based application to allow groups of individuals to find mutual free times for meetings, hangouts and more based on
their Google calendars. The website registers groups as well as individuals(as affiliates to the group) in its database, queries the Google Calendar API to 
obtain freebusy information for each user. Then the backend performs a series of calculations to combine all busy events into a master_busy array. Lastly
we output the free times for all.

Why we chose to use localhost
Our original ambition was to use the Google Calendar API to create new calendars for each user, and then insert events into their new mastercalendars, and
finally freebusy the mastercalendar to output free times. However, the "insert" and "create new calendar" functions both require authentication from the user,
which consequently requires us to have a real website hosted on an external servor to send the ajax requests. Despite our best attempt to work with Amazon
Web Services, Bitnami and Cyberduck to set up a real website, the incompatibility between the PHP version Bitnami supports (5.3) and the one we used (5.4),
in addition to a number of technical difficulties with the numerous platforms and services involved, we gave up on trying to host the website on Amazon.

Therefore, we decided to take the first freebusy feedback from Google, and write the searching and sorting algorithms by ourselves in the end. Although it 
is not a public website, nor did we get to interact with the Google Calendar API with user authentication, the application performs the function we wanted 
it to perform originally. 

Why did we design the website structure the way we did
We decided to register only "member" and "groupkey" in the MySQL database because that is the most simplistic and efficient way to keep groups organized.
Each member provides their gmail address- which is connected to their primary gcal, as well as their gropukey, which is the identification that all group
members share. These two pieces of information are the only necessary ones to perform the function we desired.
Related to this note, the difference between registergroup and register is that register allows a user to join a pre-existing group in the database, whereas
registergroup allows a user to create a new group. Although both pages require the same information, they perform different error checks.










